Rotate Default Logs on Each 100MB (#44888)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

Sets the path where your app's JavaScript lives relative to the `app` directory. The default is `javascript`, used by [webpacker](https://github.com/rails/webpacker). An app's configured `javascript_path` will be excluded from `autoload_paths`.

#### `config.log_file_size`

> Defines the size of the Rails logger for local and test environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the maximum size of the Rails logger file for local and test environments.
```

> Defines the maximum size of the Rails logger file for local and test environments.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't quite match the implementation - if you configure a value, it will apply to all environments. Only the default value is environment specific.

```suggestion
Defines the maximum size of the Rails log file. Defaults to 100 MB in development and test, and unlimited in all other environments.
```

Author: this should look clearer
